Added decodePlist (decode file at url using PropertyListDecoder) (#614)
SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift: CHANGELOG.md

# Upcoming release

### Added
- **FileManager**

> - Added `decodePlist(as:using:from:)` method to decode saved Encodable object from file URL using PropertyListDecoder. [#614](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/614*) by [AlexeiGitH](https://github.com/AlexeiGitH)

Reviewer: The object doesn't have to conform to `Encodable` to be decoded.
```suggestion
- Added `decodePlist(as:using:from:)` method to decode an object from file using `PropertyListDecoder`. [#614](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/614) by [AlexeiGitH](https://github.com/AlexeiGitH)
```
